README.md, before:

# Shark Game #

Shark Game is a web game made entirely in HTML, CSS and JavaScript by Cirrial. It is a game belonging to the "idle" or "incremental" genre. It does not require constant player attention, and can progress while the player does other things before returning to it. This isn't in any way a new or pioneering concept - a lot of people have probably heard of Candy Box or A Dark Room, or the more popular contemporary Cookie Clicker.

## Development Plan ##

Cirrial originally developed this game in about 2014 for a gamejam, but continued to develop it afterward. It quickly became a niche favorite among idle game enthusiasts. After a string of updates, Cirrial dropped development in mid-2015. The final version is v0.71.

While the game is in a more-than-playable state, it remains unfinished. Digging into the codebase, Cirrial developed a relatively simple yet robust engine.
Making use of that engine, new resources, upgrades, and worlds can be added on a whim, and the engine can be expanded to account for new ideas.

Contributions welcome. I am not an expert, and I barely understand anything that isn't fully internal.
Don't let that fool you into thinking that I'm completely helpless, though. I'm learning as I go, and it's really going!

## Progress ##

Working on a balance sweep before committing to new content. Simultaneously, adding missing sprites. Progress is going well, thanks for asking.

## How to Play this Mod? ##

Well, that's simple. You can play it on your computer by downloading these files in a zip. Extract the zip into a folder, then open the "local_shark_game.html" file using your preferred web browser.

Report any issues using the bug tracker. If the page doesn't load right, or a red message appears somewhere, then it's an error.

Commit message:

Bugfixes and Changes
Fixed bug with researches showing effect as "Effect: " instead of "Effect: ???" if they had effects but those effects were on resources not in the current world.

Internal changes.

local_shark_game.html has just become index.html.

Will work on hosting soon.

README.md, after:

# Shark Game #

Shark Game is a web game made entirely in HTML, CSS and JavaScript by Cirrial. It is a game belonging to the "idle" or "incremental" genre. It does not require constant player attention, and can progress while the player does other things before returning to it. This isn't in any way a new or pioneering concept - a lot of people have probably heard of Candy Box or A Dark Room, or the more popular contemporary Cookie Clicker.

## Development Plan ##

Cirrial originally developed this game in about 2014 for a gamejam, but continued to develop it afterward. It quickly became a niche favorite among idle game enthusiasts. After a string of updates, Cirrial dropped development in mid-2015. The final version is v0.71.

While the game is in a more-than-playable state, it remains unfinished. Digging into the codebase, Cirrial developed a relatively simple yet robust engine.
Making use of that engine, new resources, upgrades, and worlds can be added on a whim, and the engine can be expanded to account for new ideas.

This is the plan as of now: add, rebalance, and fill in gaps. More shark game.

Contributions welcome.
